Hello everyone
what we see today the application of a double frame no image
is the bottom position
of a signature
first of all let's open our image on photoshop
then we go on image size
painting
hey in the window that opens
we choose the width and height of our first frame
in this case we choose a width of one millimeter
and a height
even if god a millimeter
so we're going to create a thin strip
lan we run in the four sides we choose the color
as color we can choose a foreground color with base color background
set
white and black and gray already preset by photoshop
or by clicking on other we can go to open our palette of
colors that choose the color we prefer
in this case we choose the white color
click on ok
and here around our image and a very thin one is created
strip away
now let's get back to king
framework size
to create the second frame we give a width of 6 millimeters
height
drawings of meters
also in this case we anchor to the four sides of the image and we give in
like color black
click on ok
and here it is created around our very thin white line
a frame
now he loves me to create in the space below
another black strip to sign our name
always from image square dimension
let's choose a height this time and say 2 centimeters
that I still love you at the bottom in the picture
we choose as color
and black
and click on ok
we see in fact that in the lower part of the photo a further has been created
black stripe
where we are going to position our signature first of all we create ourselves
wedge level
for the text part
we move to the left hey we click on the platti
to be able to access
when entering text
position the cursor where
we decide to insert our writing
epc I love you
our signature our description
or what pleases us the most
in this case we visit nikon digitalfoto
after which we highlight it in order to make a change to the character of
size than anything else
we choose a character of
monotype test verissimo
magnify
at 18 points
perfect
and now as an effect we choose
the tall rotunda
your round because it gives us a clearer view of our letters
and here we click on indio
is our writing
ready
now we can move it
where it suits us most
we can try
metar the left
let's say we like it here or on the right
we choose to put it in the center
here positioned the written writings I love on sending
our work and does
at this point we combine the levels
and our image is ready to be saved
thank you and goodbye